Add doc for tidb_executor_concurrency (#4602)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set the batch size of the `index lookup` operation.
- Use a bigger value in OLAP scenarios, and a smaller value in OLTP scenarios.

### `tidb_executor_concurrency` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0.0-rc</span>

> Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
> 
> Default value: 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 5
```
The layout is different from other variables?

This variable is used to set the concurrency of the following SQL operators (to one value):

- `index lookup`
- `index lookup join`
- `hash join`
- `hash aggregation` (the `partial` and `final` phases)
- `window`
- `projection`

> `tidb_executor_concurrency` integrates the following existing system variables for easier management:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tidb_executor_concurrency` incorporates the following existing system variables as a whole for easier management:
```
